Added `User Guide` and some examples. (#21)
devanshshukla99/pytest-remote-response: docs/how_it_works.rst

How it works?
=============

`pytest-remote-response` works on a top of interceptors, which are specific for each library and contain the intercept and response codes.

In a nutshell, interceptors wraps the library calls allowing it to mock or capture the request.

.. note::

>     For some nerds, interceptors actually uses :class:`~pytest.MonkeyPatch` to monkey patch the original library with a wrapped one.

Author: ```suggestion
    For some nerds, interceptors uses :class:`~pytest.MonkeyPatch` to monkey patch the original library with a wrapped one.
```

> This approach certainly has some benefits and limitations, for instance, its surprisingly easy to write new interceptors as its basically a wrapper method but its only useful when that method is being called explicitly;

Author: ```suggestion
This approach certainly has some benefits and limitations; for instance, it's surprisingly easy to write new interceptors as it's only a wrapper method but it's only applicable when that method is called explicitly;
```

> for countering this, `pytest-remote-response` actually ships with two more deep interceptors :mod:`~pytest_response.interceptors.urllib_full` and :mod:`~pytest_response.interceptors.urllib3_full`. 

Author: ```suggestion
for countering this, `pytest-remote-response` ships with two more deep interceptors :mod:`~pytest_response.interceptors.urllib_full` and :mod:`~pytest_response.interceptors.urllib3_full`. 
```

.. warning::
    :mod:`~pytest_response.interceptors.urllib_full` and :mod:`~pytest_response.interceptors.urllib3_full` are more low-level but are plagued with threading issues; use them carefully!

Custom interceptor
******************

.. note::

>     Any custom intercept must have atleast ``install`` and ``uninstall`` methods and should return a :class:`~pytest_response.app.BaseMockResponse`

Author: ```suggestion
    Any custom intercept must have at-least ``install`` and ``uninstall`` methods and should return a :class:`~pytest_response.app.BaseMockResponse`
```

Example
-------

.. code-block:: python

    from functools import warps

>     # Import `response` instance to get :class:`~pytest.MonkeyPatch` and :class:`~pytest_response.database.ResponseDB` objs access

Author: ```suggestion
    # Import `response` instance to get access to :class:`~pytest.MonkeyPatch` and :class:`~pytest_response.database.ResponseDB` objs
```
